in today's video we will be going
through the 2011's american action
horror film priest spoilers ahead you
have been warned make sure to give this
video a thumbs up comment on what your
favorite part was and subscribe to our
channel for more priest is the movie
you'll watch once and either love it or
hate it do you fancy vampires if not you
might hate the world of priests because
humanity has been at war with vampires
for centuries and these are not just
your usual humans turn into vampires
vampires in this movie are a totally
different breed than humans even more
dangerous than our boring old sharp
fangs and dark circles vamps but people
are equally powerful too not all of them
a group of people called the priests
hired by an absolute church that
basically rules the humans and to make
it clear that they're priests they have
a cross tattooed on their forehead the
centuries-long war forced the church to
create a walled city to protect people
living inside from the vampires now the
war is at its ending phase and guess
who's winning yep plain old humans again
the start of the movie gives us a taste
of what exactly the war is like a group
of priests and priestesses are in the
solomira hive let's focus on our
protagonist priest who of course is
leading the way his bff black hat and
somewhat of a love interest the
priestess follow behind they're there to
get the vampire queen but the vamps have
set a trap that sinks most of the
priests under the ground the others run
away including the leader priest however
black hat is held down by the creatures
the priest holds his best friend's hand
and tries pulling him but the vampires
take him away after black had sacrificed
the vampires were defeated humans stayed
inside the city guarded by the walls and
protected by the church with the vamps
gone the priests were useless to the
church so they were sent to live a
normal life best of luck trying to fit
in with that forehead tattoo
it's been a few years since the war
ended owen pace is a protagonist priest
brother but doesn't have an exciting
life like his he's an ordinary man
living outside the city in the wasteland
with his wife shannon and daughter lucy
owen and his family are having dinner
one evening when suddenly everything
around them rumbles owen checks outside
and sees a pack of vampires coming
towards them best of luck owen shannon
quickly makes lucy hide in the basement
and joins owen to fight them but they're
like mere specks of dust for the
blood-hungry creatures lucy listens to
her parents die in horror
someone presumably the killer of her
parents notices her in the basement and
brings her out back in the guarded city
everyone goes on with their lives
unknown to the pace family being ripped
apart the church is the tallest building
in the city and everyone around seems
busy until its bell rings it makes
everyone stop in their tracks in sight
to go against the church is to go
against god a little extreme in my
opinion but rules are rules the priest
is on his way to a homage cabin where
the people of the city go to cleanse
their sins he is greeted by an automated
video of the church's head monsignor
orelas playing on a monitor his sin is
that he's been having nightmares about
not being able to save his bff blackhat
in the war it asks him to say the prayer
and leave it's a pre-recorded video what
did you expect on his way home a little
boy asks the priest about his tattoo not
that it's that noticeable before the
priest can enter his apartment he
attacks a random man behind him but it
turns out he had figured the man was
following him using his priest knowledge
the stalker is hicks the city sheriff he
informs the priest of his brother owen
being on his deathbed his sister-in-law
dying and his niece lucy being abducted
by the vamps too much information at
once even for the priest hicks is in
love with lucy and wants to do what
every irrational lover would go on a
rescue mission he's here to ask the
priest for help but priest is the
church's slave so he goes to ask them to
renew his priest's license however the
monsignor is a douchebag he laughs a
priest for claiming the vampires did it
he doesn't want the priest to shake the
faith of the citizens in the church by
proposing such absurd scenarios then we
see poor lucy on a running train between
the vampires why have they kept her
alive you'll soon know suddenly priest's
dead best friend black hat arrives there
he has changed teams and is now on team
vans he's abducted lucy because he wants
to reunite with the priest we don't know
what he wants from the priest but
something tells me our protagonist won't
be happy to see him alive the priest and
chamberlain the guy next in power to the
monsignor are together in a bar
chamberlain knows the priest is up to
something but he reminds him that to go
against the church is to go against god
priest boldly claims that he will go
against god i got goosebumps while
watching this scene not gonna lie the
police have surrounded him but priest is
a vampire specialist the police are
nothing in front of him he defeats them
in a second and leaves he quickly leaves
for the wasteland on his motorbike he
reaches the outpost where sheriff hicks
takes him to owen owen begs his brother
to find and save his daughter with his
final few breaths the church's clergy
has declared priest a wanted criminal
the monsooner assembles a group of other
priests and priestesses and orders them
to bring the priest back dead or alive
the priest and hicks drive to the
closest vampire reservation but are
surprised when they see the place isn't
guarded it's filled with familiars
instead familiars are the crazy people
who voluntarily turn into vampires every
vampire movie has one of these the two
go inside the place and see that the
guards have been killed the priest tries
to get information from one of the
familiars when a group of familiars
attacks the two a frightened hicks runs
out good going the mighty town's sheriff
the priest with his pre-skills defeats
them all but leaves one alive to
interrogate him about lucy to their
misfortune the sun sets just then and
the vampires arise from their coffins
the priest pulls out his weapon a bible
turns out a weapon was inside the bible
but i would have loved to see him fight
with just the book while the priest
fights them hicks fires at the others
and misses every single shot and he
wanted to come to save lucy alone the
priest works for both and kills them all
the scared familiar tells him that the
vamps took lucy west the solomira hive
lies in the west back in the vampire
infested train a salesman tells black
hat about hicks and the priest's little
adventure black hat drinks his blood
after turning him into a familiar on
their way to the hive the priest and
hicks have lovely chit chat hicks
expresses how much he loves lucy and the
priest tells him about his intention to
kill her if she has turned into a
familiar when they get to the hive the
priest gets flashes of the time he lost
his dearest friend in the war he's about
to be surprised soon hicks again stays
outside the shaft as the priest goes in
the priest notices someone following him
surprise surprise it's the priestess
she's here to kill the priest as per the
church's order but she doesn't follow
the orders they hear a gunshot and run
to see hicks fighting a massive creature
the three fight the creature and hicks
shoots it dead they set off for the town
of jericho where the other priests who
basically want to kill the protagonist
priest are heading but they don't know
that as they talk a train full of
vampires is approaching the town of
jericho best of luck to the town of
jericho a montage of everyone in the
town being killed by the vampires as
seen black hat dances on the street
which to me seems like a badass villain
move three of the other priests arrive
and attack black hat he gives them the
option to join him the priest and others
arrive in the town in the morning long
after everyone in the town is being
killed if killing them wasn't enough
black hat impaled the three priests on a
cross the trio realizes that the
vampires came on a train and are headed
to the wasteland to presumably kill them
all too they give the dead priests a
quick funeral and make their way to the
wasteland on the train black hat
explains that he believes the vampire
breed is pure and superior to humans
same black hat same he wants to wipe out
humanity and its sins he wants the
priest to join hands with him we finally
know why he kidnapped lucy the other
three reach the tracks when hicks points
his gun at the priest we've already seen
your aiming abilities hicks don't
embarrass yourself bud he threatens to
kill the priest if he tries to harm lucy
he's afraid that if lucy has turned into
a familiar the priest will kill her the
priestess then reveals the priest's
darkest secret he is lucy's real father
okay it wasn't that dark but yes the
priest is lucy's father who sacrificed
her for the sake of being the priest
keeping their differences aside the
priest and hicks rush towards the train
and the priestess sets up explosives in
the tracks hicks enters the running
train by breaking its back door while
the priest gets on top of it black hat
waits for him on the roof
the priest doesn't show any emotions
black hat says he wants the priest to
join him turns out the vampire queen had
abducted him and turned him into a human
vampire someone who is stronger than the
familiars the priest tries fighting his
ex-best friend but he is way stronger
now i bet he regrets praying to god for
black hat to come back meanwhile the
familiars attack the priestess she
manages to defeat them all because she
is one of the lead characters of the
movie however the explosive trap is now
destroyed on the top of the moving train
the priest and black hat fight which
ends when black hat throws the priest on
the tracks but did you really think
he'll get rid of the priest that easily
of course not the priest latches on to
the bottom of the running train no big
deal hicks sees a familiar taking lucy
away but cannot reach them in time the
priest gets back to the train again by
breaking its floor from the outside the
vampires then attack the priest and
hicks hicks uses his brain for the first
time in the movie and creates hulls in
the roof allowing the sunlight to enter
but just then black hat knocks hicks out
of the train lucy manages to set herself
free from a familiar black hat tells her
about her real father but weirdly no one
reacts he and the priest get into a
fight again but black hat is way
stronger than the priest he impales the
priest to the wall and takes lucy on top
of the train priestess doesn't give up
and mounts the explosives on her bike
the priest frees himself and goes behind
them just when blackhead is about to
bite lucy the priest strikes him with a
cross that stabs black hat on his neck
lucy almost falls off the train but is
saved by the priest again duh black cat
is still not dead and tries to push them
both off the train but the priestess
hits the train with the explosives the
priest takes lucy with him and jumps
right on time the explosion kills all
the vampires inside hicks who is worried
about lucy rushes towards her i will
lose it if he tries boasting about his
bravery then black hat's black hat falls
on the ground indicating he might be
dead but also setting up the potential
for a sequel then we see the priest
walking to the monsignor in the church
filled with people he throws a beheaded
vampire head and tells him to check the
train outside the city for more in your
face monsignor while walking out of the
church the priest claims that the war is
just beginning later he meets the
priestess who claims she and the other
priests are on his side the priest rides
off into the sunset
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries